Is this the evolution?
Hi and welcome to a new video!
My name is Konzi...
...I am Luca...
...and today we will test the adidas X15!
Together with the Ace the X is the successor
of the Predator, F50, 11Pro and Nitrocharge.
Stay tuned to find out if it's an upgrade to the previous models!
The X15.1 offers a great fit and comfort.
I didn't have any blisters or pressure marks in six weeks.
Also the fit is really tight.
Thus, players with wide feet may have problems with fit.
The snug and thin upper offers a great feel for the ball.
However, the upper is a bit too stiff for me.
I also missed extra grip applications similar to the Ace.
There are a few weaknesses in terms of quality and durability.
The quality could be a bit better - e.g. opening seams after six weeks.
However, this was only a visual problem.
Overall, the durability is really good.
Still, it's not as good as the Ace or the old F50.
The X15.1 is an excellent football boots.
Many people see him as the successor of the F50.
However, compared to the F50 2014 it lacks the lightness.
I also missed the barefoot-like feel.
The boot still convinced me.
The comfort and fit are really excellent!
Also the touch and durability are really good.
Although I miss the old F50, I still really like the new X15.1!
Therefore, I rate the boot with 9 out of 10 points!
Finally let me know in the comments...
Which boot do you prefer?
The new X or Ace?
Leave your comment and let me know how you liked the video!
Stay sporty and see you in the next video!